			Last revised 24-Jul-18

			  Questionnaire for

		 Harvard Extension School CSCI E-92:
	     Principles of Operating Systems - Fall 2018


Name: Anna Levin		Home/Cellular phone number: 908 161 5801


E-mail:	anna.e.levin@gmail.com	Work phone number: NA


Where are you located?  What is your time zone?

Somerville MA, EST

So that we can meet on-line, if necessary, what is your Skype name
and/or your Google Hangouts name?

My Skype name is Anna Levin. My Google Hangouts name is Magister Ludi.

Occupation (If an undergraduate student, please specify your major and
year and at which school; If a graduate student, please specify your
department, field, and year and at which school).

Graduate student of the Harvard Extension School.
Currently working towards my masters in Software Engineering.

Are you currently enrolled in a degree program?

Yes

Have you taken:
  CSCI E-10a (Formerly CSCI E-50a) (Introduction to Computer Science
      Using Java I),
  CSCI E-10b (Formerly CSCI E-50b) (Introduction to Computer Science
      Using Java II),
  CSCI E-50 (Formerly CSCI E-52) (Intensive Introduction to Computer
      Science),
  CSCI E-28 (Formerly CSCI E-215) (Unix/Linux Systems Programming),
  CSCI E-124 (Data Structures and Algorithms),
  or equivalents
(specify which)?

I have not, but for most of these classes I have taken the equivalent as either
an undergrad and/or on Coursera.

Have you taken CSCI E-22 (Formerly CSCI E-119) (Data Structures)?

	If not, how do you meet the prerequisite?

No, but I have taken it as an undergrad.

Do you have experience using Unix?  Do you have experience programming
using Unix system calls?  If yes, please describe.  If not, how do you
meet the prerequisite?

No. However I have access to several resources.

Are you already registered for this class?  -- If not, do you intend
to register?  Also, are you registered as a distance student?  Do you
intend to attend classes in person?

I'm registered and will attend the class in person.

If you are a distance student, have you already ordered and/or
received the Freescale K70 development modules (TWR-K70F120M-KIT
(which includes TWR-K70F120M, TWR-SER, TWR-ELEV) and the TWR-LCD-RGB)?
Note: If the TWR-K70F120M-KIT is not available, the individual
components should be ordered.

I plan to borrow one of the kits in class.


Are you taking the course for undergraduate credit, graduate credit,
or noncredit?

Graduate credit.


What additional appropriate course or work experience do you have?

I have done a programing internship with Critical Architectures LLC, have done personal
projects, and have taken several programming classes where an understanding of data structures
was needed.

What is your math background?

Studied calculus and differential equations.

What computer languages do you know (please include assembler and
high-level languages)?  Have you programmed in the C Programming
Language, C++, or Java?

Java, C/C++, OCamle, R, Yacc, Lex, Mips

What operating systems have you used (e.g. Windows, Mac OS, Linux,
iOS, Android, etc.)?

Linux

What computers have you used (i.e., which machine language instruction
sets)?

Mips

Why are you taking the course?

Because I am very much interested in the subject and would like to expand my understanding of operating systems.

If the class needs to be rescheduled, is Thursday evening acceptable?

Yes

Other comments:
